Good, then I'm at ease.
Hey, are we going to do something to Shanshan?
Don't let him perish
It's too cheap for him.
I'm going to make him go crazy step by step
Then let them smash in
Ah!
Hello
Son of Heaven, you really did it
The profits of Shangguan Group have tripled in a month
I mean what I say.
It's incredible.
By the way, do you still count what you promised me last time?
Ah!
I still owe you a meal
So today is my birthday
Do you have s second?
That doesn't mean that there are hundreds of female nerves
Really good chance
I'll be right back.
Ok, I'll wait for you.
Oh, you must come!
What gifts do brothers and girls give for their birthdays?
Foreigner
Hey, teacher, this store is good for the richest generation of jewelry.
Oh, it does?
Jewelry? Of course
Bro um
Still so pretty
Brother, we have several new annual jewelry in our store.
I'll arrange it and get it for you right away.
Hold, please.
Sorry, you go first.
Hey boss, come and sit
The protagonist of this store is really good
The service is also very high
Ah!
Ok ok I got it
Boss, I feel promising
You deal with it.
I have to get this jewelry done today.
You understand
Then you are playing here by yourself, don't go, go first
It's beautiful.
Yarou will definitely like it
Don't break it, sorry.